Welcome everybody, welcome to our
webinar
the State of HTML5 Video, today and
beyond.
We're here today to talk about why Steve
Jobs was wrong and Flash will prevail.
I'm kidding, of course.
We all know that HTML5 is here to stay.
Today we're gonna cover why HTML5 video,
the current state of the video
tag, what browsers support HTML5 video
playback
on mobile, the pitfalls and best
practices.
We'll talk a little bit about video codecs
and next generation video codecs like VP9,
H.265, etc.
We're gonna talk about the fullscreen API,
how to offer a lean back experience.
We'll cover the new text tracks and WebVTT
which is the closed captioning to make
video accessible and interactive.
And we're also gonna cover new streaming
and encrypted media extensions.
And again we will leave 20 minutes or so
for Q& at the end of this.
[K_O]
Really quick, 'm Mark Robertson. I run a
site called ReelSEO.com.
For those of you that aren't aware, we're
a site
that provides trends, tips, and research,
about the online video industry.
I'm a trainer as well, YouTube
certified trainer, so  train on
YouTube marketing and online video
marketing and also work on video SEO.
For any of you that might be marketers we
have a Reel video
summit in July in San Francisco and we'd
love to have you join us.
I'm excited that we have, and
hope I don't say
his name wrong Jeroen Wijering, he's
otherwise known as JW on his presentation.
For those of you that don't know JW, he's
kind of a big deal.
He founded and created JW Player, which
was really
the first Flash video player on the web,
in 2005.
And, he just needed to get video up on the
web, so he created the JW Player.
And, for those of you that don't know,
YouTube actually used JW Player,